the Ferrari California T offers
exceptional in car comfort in a cabin
that epitomizes sumptuous warmth and
craftsmanship its innovative volumes and
forms are very much in line with
Prancing Horse tradition separate dash
and tunnel three-dimensional round air
vents steering wheel with integrated
controls the finish is elegant with
prestigious materials handcrafted two
superb effect the Ferrari California T's
cabin brilliantly embodies the cars
vocation for speed sweet ping horizontal
lines and opulent leather trim
underscore its dynamism while the
sculpted likes of the streamlight
two-toned dash lightened the space
the cockpit most refined ergonomics with
steering wheel mounted f1 gearshift
paddles and comfortable wraparound seats
the aluminium trimmed turbo performance
engineer anticipates the drivers
thoughts it's touch sensitive digital
display puts all of the turbos enormous
potential response times efficiency and
pressure levels literally at the drivers
fingertips it also provides other useful
information such as time and external
temperature the California T's new
multimedia system is highly intuitive
and has both conventional button and
touchscreen controls the central tunnel
is fluid yet functional with the
signature f1 bridge and armrest
providing additional storage space the
rear seat comfortably accommodate either
two children or two adults on short
journeys
while the rouille boot takes either
conventional luggage or a golf bag for a
trip to the Greens the cabin of each new
Ferrari California tea reflects its
owner's identity thanks to a vast array
of personalization options ranging from
naturally treated semi-aniline leather
to luxury carpets and a premium 1280 wat
JBL professional sound system the result
is a seamless melding of elegance
exclusivity and sportiness with
inimitable style
you